Increase visibly of CoC (#6152)
denoland/deno: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> Please be professional in the forums. We follow [Rust's code of
> conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct) (CoC) Have a
> problem? Email ry@tinyclouds.org.

Reviewer: I'd like to propose a minor change in wording based on specific bits of feedback I've heard.
```suggestion
Deno uses [Rust's Code of
Conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct). In the
forums, every community member must follow the rules and values expressed
there. Please email ry@tinyclouds.org to report any instance of misconduct.
```
